# Installation Guide

This README provides instructions on how to install and run both the frontend and backend of the application.

## Prerequisites

- [Node Version Manager (nvm)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

## Installation Steps

### Step 1: Set up Node Version 18 using nvm

```
nvm use 18
```

### Step 2: Frontend Setup

a. Navigate to frontend directory

```
cd frontend
```

b. Install dependencies

```
npm install
```

c. Run development server

```
npm run dev
```

### Step 3: Backend Setup

a. Navigate to backend directory

```
cd backend
```

b. Start Docker Compose

```
docker-compose up -d
```

c. Install backend dependencies

```
yarn
```

d. Start backend server in development mode

```
yarn start:dev
```

Now, both the frontend and backend servers are up and running.

You can access the frontend server at http://localhost:3000 and the backend server at http://localhost:3001.

# Assumptions

## Caching

1. Cache Eviction Policy: Assuming a simple cache eviction policy such as Least Recently Used (LRU) or Time-To-Live (TTL) for removing outdated or less frequently accessed data from the cache to make space for new entries.
2. Cache Hit Ratio: Assuming a certain cache hit ratio based on historical data or performance testing, which helps estimate the effectiveness of the cache and optimize its configuration.

## Database

1. Indexing Strategy: Assuming the utilization of appropriate indexing strategies to optimize query performance, especially for frequently accessed fields or columns used in search operations.
2. Concurrency Control: Assuming the implementation of concurrency control mechanisms such as locking or optimistic concurrency control to manage simultaneous access to shared data and prevent data corruption or inconsistency in a multi-user environment.
3. No User Authentication Requirement: Assuming that the application does not require users to log in or authenticate themselves to access its features or functionalities.
4. Anonymous User Access: Assuming that all users, whether they are accessing the application via the frontend or making API requests to the backend, are treated as anonymous users without the need for user accounts or login credentials.

## Third Party API (SG Gov Data)

1. Quality of Input Data: Assuming that the accuracy and reliability of the output of the application are directly dependent on the quality of the input data it receives.
2. Incomplete or Inaccurate Data: Assuming that if the input data provided to the application is incomplete, inaccurate, or of poor quality, the resulting output or analysis generated by the application may also be flawed or unreliable.

# Architecture Design

## Event-Driven Architecture

Event driven architecture is used for the creations of audit logs. Event-driven design facilitates system flexibility and extensibility. New functionalities can be easily added by introducing new event types or event handlers without modifying existing components.

## CQRS (Command Query Responsibility Segregation)

CQRS promotes a clear separation of concerns by segregating the responsibility of handling commands (which mutate application state) from queries (which retrieve application state). In a CQRS-based architecture, commands and queries are processed by different components or services, each optimized for its specific task.

## Strategy Pattern

Implement a strategy interface defining a contract for geodecoding. This interface can be seen as a contract that defines a common method or set of methods that each strategy must implement. It helps to interchange the API used for geodecoding.
